“We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.” ― Joseph Campbell (American Writer)
“All true success flows out of giving something to someone.” ― Mike Hernacki
"An open mind is like an open window. It lets the fresh air in." ~ Mike Hernacki
“Realize deeply that the present moment is all you have. Make the NOW the primary focus of your life.” ― Eckhart Tolle
“The moral standpoint must always take preference over the monetary standpoint.” ― Abhijit Naskar
“The time is always right to do what is right.” ― Martin Luther King, Jr.
“Relativity applies to physics, not ethics.” ―  Albert Einstein
“Only morality in our actions can give beauty and dignity to life.” ― Albert Einstein
“Action indeed is the sole medium of expression for ethics.” ― Jane Addams
“In civilized life, law floats in a sea of ethics.” ― Earl Warren
“There is none in the world who is not blamed.” The Buddha
“Give, even if you only have a little.” The Buddha
“Where there is anger there is always pain underneath.” ― Eckhart Tolle
“If you get the inside right, the outside will fall into place. Primary reality is within; secondary reality without.” ― Eckhart Tolle
“I do not believe in immortality of the individual, and I consider ethics to be an exclusively human concern with no superhuman authority behind it.” ― Albert Einstein

"When the rich rob the poor it's called business. When the poor fight back it's called violence." ~Mark Twain
"The aim of argument or of discussion, should not be victory, but progress." ~ Joseph Joubert
"Chop your own wood and it will warm you twice" ~ Henry Ford
"While seeking revenge, dig two graves - one for yourself" ~Douglas Horton 
"Life is like a roller coaster, live it, be happy, enjoy life." Avril Lavigne
"To live is to suffer, to survive is to find some meaning in the suffering." Friedrich Nietzsche
“If people are not laughing at your goals, your goals are too small.” — Azim Premji
“Knowing is not enough, we must apply. Willing is not enough, we must do.” — Bruce Lee
“If you are depressed you are living in the past. If you are anxious you are living in the future. If you are at peace you are living in the present.” — Lao Tzu
“The world is changed by your example, not by your opinion.” — Paulo Coelho
“Never confuse a single defeat with a final defeat.” — F. Scott Fitzgerald
“Turn your face to the sun and the shadows fall behind you.” — Maori Proverb
“If you don’t build your dream someone will hire you to help build theirs.” — Tony Gaskins
“It’s not the load that breaks you down, it’s the way you carry it.” — Lou Holtz
“A ship is always safe at the shore, but that is not what it is built for.” — Albert Einstein
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” — Albert Einstein
“A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it.” — Albert Einstein
“Any fool can know. The point is to understand.” — Albert Einstein
“The greatest sin is to think yourself weak.” — Swami Vivekananda
“In a day when you don’t come across any problems, you can be sure that you are travelling in a wrong path.” — Swami Vivekananda
